------------------------------------------------------------------------
Requirements for Chart
------------------------------------------------------------------------

A single chart is a graphical widget consisting of two axes, an optional
legend, and any number of graphical elements (ChartElems). For example,
the charts you see on Yahoo are two separate charts stacked on top of
each other, one for price and one for volume. Charts can have the
following UI actions applied:

Resize: The chart is redrawn at a different pixel resolution but
maintains the same data ranges. The data shown is thus identical,
although the X/Y aspect ratio may change, along with the axes value
labels

Zoom: The X and/or Y data ranges are modified and the chart is redrawn
to reflect these new data ranges. The data shown is not identical, and
the axes value labels may differ because of the new data ranges. The
overal chart size and aspect ratio remains identical.

Elements: ChartElems can be added to or subtraced from the chart, 
requiring the chart to be redrawn with the same size and zoom. The
legend will need to be updated where applicable.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
Requirements for ChartElem
------------------------------------------------------------------------

The term "ChartElem" is chosen to reflect the generic nature of what can
be placed in the chart. The Chart is a container of ChartElems, each of
which have a graphical representation and are placed in a particular
place within the X/Y axes. Within the chart there must be methods to
add, remove, and list the ChartElems.

The ChartElems may be a data series that extends the length of the
chart, or a single point within the chart (such as a buy or sell
signal). The ChartElems all have some basic data members, including
colors, line/point/fill styles, legend flag, and labels. The following
ChartElems will be supported:

    o   Feature: A feature is a ChartElem that occurs at a discreet
        moment in time. It is plotted as a single graphical element,
        such as a square, arrow, or stop sign.

    o   BasicPlot: A basic plot is a connected series of temporally
        ordered X/Y pairs, typically used to represent stock prices over
        a series of time.

    o   CandlePlot: The candlestick plot is shown as a series of
        discreet time points. Each time point (X value) has four
        associated Y values: open, close, min, max.

    o   BarChart: The bar chart consists of a series of buckets. Each
        bucket occurs over a specific range on the X axis and reaches a
        value on the Y axis. These would typically be used to represent
        trading volume data.

    o   BandedPlot: This is similar to the BasicPlot, but also includes
        two bands that are plotted alongside the BasicPlot. These bands
        may have a different line style. Their relative location may be
        specified absolutely (Y value is given) or relatively (Y value
        is a percentage of the Y value in the BasicPlot). For example,
        the BandedPlot can be used for Bollinger Bands.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
Requirements for Chart Axes
------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Chart Axes have the following components:

    o   Label: The common name for the axis

    o   Units: The name and format representation of the units (such as
        "$" or "000"). This may be represented as an enumeration to
        support custom formatting.

    o   Scale: Logarithmic or Linear

    o   Numeric labels: Numeric labels that define the major gridlines
        within the chart. These labels should be chosen automatically
        based on reasonable values and round numbers.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
Requirements for Chart Legend
------------------------------------------------------------------------

The legend displays one entry for each ChartElem that has its "legend"
flag turned on. For each such ChartElem, the legend contains a graphical
depiction of that ChartElem (such as a red dashed line, or a green flag)
and a common name for that ChartElem (such as SUNW or "Sell Signal").


------------------------------------------------------------------------
Open Issues
------------------------------------------------------------------------

    o   Does the chart contain *all* data that can be plotted, or only
        what is currently visible? In other words, if the user zooms out
        does the chart need to load (or be fed) additional data? My
        preference would be to limit the chart to only plot the data
        that is available. That way we could take the hit and pre-load
        it with lots of data if we want, or we could limit it to a
        particular time range and the chart simply won't zoom out
        farther than that. The UI could also intercept these zoom-out
        calls and supply additional data.

    o   Where is the mapping being done between the date/time
        representation and the actual plotted points? My vision was
        initially that these BasicPlot datasets would include actual
        dates/times, and it was the Chart's responsibility to map that
        into the visible date range.
